Short answer: I figured out a really cool way to solve the equations of electromagnetism (called Maxwell's equations) that relate the electric and magnetic fields to the electrical charges and currents that generate them.

Long answer: There are many equations in physics of the form: change-of something = something-else.  The idea is that if you know the something-else you can theoretically find out what the something is.  Here change-of is a special beastie, and it is pretty complicated for electricity and magnetism.  You actually have 8 different equations, each with a different sort of change-of operations, each acting on different directional components of the electric and magnetic fields, with change-with-respect-to-time and change-with-respect-to-different-directions relationships between all those electric and magnetic field components.  It is so tricky to solve these equations that you can go through most of the courses in undergraduate engineering or physics, without learning how to do so.  Instead you learn techniques that you can use to solve special cases of the equations with symmetries or other features that make the solution more tractible.  There's a form of vector algebra ( see: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A05n32Bl0aY ) that I've been learning about for a number of years.  It happens that this algebra allows you to write Maxwell's equations as a single equation, which can theoretically be solved directly.  I hadn't seen how such a solution would be done, except indirectly solving for other quantities (called potentials) first.  I figured out the way to do that direct solution today, and have incorporated the technique into the book I am writing for my master's project, "Geometric Algebra for Engineers".

Longer answer: This will require some study on your part, but if you are interested, just ask and I'll send you a link to a draft of the book.  The technique in question is the derivation and the application of a multivector Green's function that allows you to solve all of Maxwell's equations in one shot, without first using potentials, using a addition procedure called a convolution integral.

The book has lots of pretty diagrams and the equation typesetting is very artistic in my opinion.  Sadly, I don't think it will ever be a best seller.
